chapter 31 I already jacob the words of
the children of the bam who told how
taken everything that was our father's
and what was of our father has
acquired all this wealth looked
also jacob the face of Havana
and I saw that it was not for him as he had
been before also jehovah said jacob
Go back to your parents' land and to your
parentela and I will be with you in me then
jacob and called yaquel raquel to the field
where were his sheep and told them I see
that your father's countenance is not
for me as it was before more the god
of my father has been with you
you know that with all my strength of
service to your father and your father
has cheated me and changed my
salary ten times but god has not
allowed me to do badly if he said
so the painted ones were your salary
then all the sheep vary
painted and if it said well the listings
will be your salary then all
sheep vary listings well removed god the
won from your father and he gave it to me
and it happened while the sheep
they were in heat to seal my eyes and well
dreams
the males that covered the females
they were painted and motley listings and
The angel of God told me in dreams
Jacob and I said in my here and he said
Now raise your eyes and you will see that all
the males that cover the females are
painted and variegated listings because
I have seen everything that the avante has
done I am the god of vettel where you
you said the stone and where you made me a
vote get up now and get out of this
land and return to the land of your
birth they responded raquel and read and
they said we have part or inheritance
of our father's house does not have us
already as strange because he sold us
and he has still eaten all our
price because all the wealth that god
has taken away our father our is and
of our children now then do everything
what god has told you
and then Jacob got up and went up
children and their women on the camels and
he put all his cattle and everything
how much he had acquired the cattle of his
gain that I had obtained in for
they will win to go back to Isaac their father
in the land of Canaan but Havana
had gone to shear his sheep and
Rachel stole the idols of her father and
jacob deceit praised arameo not doing
know that he was leaving and me with everything
he had and he got up and passed the
Euphrates and went to the mountain of Galar
and the third day was told to the banque
Jacob had heard then abandoned his
relatives with him and went after jacob
seven day road and reached him in the
monte garat and wine god praise arameo in
dreams that night and told him
Be careful not to say anything to Jacob des
He calmly reached Havana
Jacob and he had set his tent in
the mountain and the Havana countryside with their
relatives in the mount of galar and said the
havana jacob you've made me
you cheated you've already brought my daughters like
prisoners of war because tenacity you gave
to run away and you cheated on me
you made it known so that I
say goodbye with joy and with songs
with tamborini harp because I do not even
You let me kiss my children and my daughters
now you have madly done power there in
my hand to hurt you more the god of
your father spoke to me last night saying
Be careful not to talk to Jacob
comfortably and since you were leaving because
you had wishes of your father's house
because you cut me my gods answered
Jacob and said praise because I was afraid
Well, I thought maybe you would take it away
force your daughters to the one in whose power
find these gods do not live in front of
our brothers recognize what I
have yours and take it jacob did not know
it was that he had liked them he entered the
bullet in the jacob store in the store
of lea and in the store of the two herbs
and not savio and left the shop
read and went into Rachel's store but
he took the idols and put them in a
saddle of a camel and sat on
they and looked for washed throughout the store and
I do not know it
and she said her father did not get mad
Sir, why can not I get up?
in front of you, I'm with the
custom of women and I look for it but
there are no idols
Then Jacob got angry and argued with the
Havana who answered Jacob and said praise
what transgression is mine what is my
sin so that with so much ardor you have
come in my pursuit since you've
searched in all my things that you've
Found of all the household goods
put it here in front of my brothers and
yours and judge between us these
20 years I've been with you your sheep and
his goats never boarded or me with my
sheep of your sheep
I never brought you what was taken by the
wild animals I paid the damage what aborted
by day, as at night, they charged me
I must have consumed the heat and at night
frost and the dream had my eyes like that
been 20 years in your house 14 years of
serve for your two daughters and six years for
your cattle and you have changed my salary ten
times if the god of my father god of
abraham and fear of isaac was not
with me
you would send him now empty-handed
but God saw my affliction and work
from my hands and reprimanded you last night
answered the vall and said to jacob the
daughters are my daughters and children sons
mine are and the sheep are my sheep and
everything you see is mine and that I can and
will be today these my daughters or their
children that they have given birth come
now and let's make a pact between you and me and be
testimony between us two
then Jacob took a stone and the
He raised for a sign and said Jacob to his
brothers pick up stones and they took
stones and made a heap and ate
there on that heap and called it namán
that adult heron and called it jacob galat
because the aban said this pile is
witness and between us two that's why it was
called his gala name and same by
what atalay said to jehovah between you and
me when we parted from each other
refrigerate ssa my daughters and tomares
other women besides my daughters
nobody is with us
God is witness between us two said
more havana jacob here is this one
and here is this sign that I have erected between
you and I witness is this one and
witness is this sign that I will not even pass
from this heap against you, you will not go through
of this majano or of this signal against
me for evil the god of abraham and the god
of nagore judge between us the god
of his parents and jacob swore by that to
who feared isaac his father then
jacob and mode victims in the bush and
He called his brothers to eat bread and
they ate bread and slept that night
in the bush and the band got up tomorrow
and he kissed his children and his daughters and
He blessed and returned and went back to his place